more adjustments (#148)
integr8ly/user-documentation: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/gs-accessing-prometheus-grafana-proc.adoc

= Accessing Prometheus and Grafana

link:https://prometheus.io/[Prometheus] is an open-source systems and service monitoring and alerting toolkit that you can use to monitor services deployed in your Red Hat OpenShift environment. Prometheus collects and stores metrics from configured services at given intervals, evaluates rule expressions, displays the results, and can trigger alerts if a specified condition becomes true.

> link:https://grafana.com/[Grafana] is open source visualization and analytics software. It allows you to query, visualize, alert on, and explore your metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
link:https://grafana.com/[Grafana] is open source visualization and analytics software. It enables you to query, visualize, set alert thresholds, and explore your metrics.
```

.Prerequisite
* You are logged in to the {webapp} as the `customer-admin` user.

.Procedure

> . On the *All Services* tab, click the *Open console* button for *Red Hat OpenShift*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *All Services* tab, locate the entry for Red Hat OpenShift and click *Open console*.
```

Reviewer: IBM style pp 212

. Click the *My Projects* link.
. Click the *Managed Service Monitoring* project.
. In the sidebar, select *Applications* -> *Routes*.

> . In the *Routes* pane, you can choose to query or visualize the cluster metrics by clicking the host-names for different routes: 

Reviewer 2: Here and in the sub-steps, "host name" should be two words (no hyphen, according to IBM manual of style).
